Yaoyao
Hey, is there anyone else in Japan?
Such a big fire
Isn't this an abandoned warehouse?
Why is it on fire?
Someone in here would be dead long ago, oh my god
Live less
That's too bad.
Don't worry.
I'm going to keep doing it
You are not in danger
You let me go
I also lived together, I was in danger
Danger, I'm still inside
You let me go
I hate you. I hate you.
senior brother
Brother, are you all right?
Why is that?
Anybody?
Ah!
He's leaving again.
My deadline this time
I don't know.
And you know what?
The boy was in the piano room when I met him
He actually said he was working part-time
Can you believe it?
He actually earned his own money to go to college
His name is Song Yuchuan
Such a beautiful boy
Tommy, um, I have something to tell you.
You have someone you like too
I'm going to Switzerland
And I wish you happiness.
He holds the power of life and death
You can only be seen in newspapers, news, business magazines
I used to think that was the most distant sentence
This is the moment.
I will accompany you.
I will always be with you.